25 years ago you played a concert in
front of the entire world
[Music]
one month ago you played in Barstow
California for 40 people most of them
were there for $2 taco night Bill and
Ted what have you got to say for
yourselves
he backs on to each other and party on
dudes we were supposed to unite the
world and save reality as we know it we
spent our whole life trying to write the
song that we reunite the world why can't
we just go to the future when we have
written it whoa take it from ourselves
how is that stealing if we're stealing
it from ourselves
[Applause]
[Music]
no way how'd you like our song it's a
little on the dark side but you know
that's cool if there's one thing that
unifies the fractious country it's
sporting heroes he's had the weight of
his country in the shoulders for how
long
can you get that weight off so you
basically outran your captors when I
left Sudan I said I will never never run
again South Sudan is a region has been
at war for over 50 years
my parents they had to make a choice do
we wanna let a child die in front of us
or do you wanted to send her somewhere
when did you last see your fam was there
ever a time when running was a white and
escape from the past can you tell us
when you arrived in America there was
mid-quarter eyes asked him if he ever
ran before and he said didn't know it
was a sport and he said are you ready to
run I said to run where and then after
that it was just championships wins just
took off from there eventually it kind
of dawned on me like he's got deep down
stuff the guys and my teammate I could
laugh with them but inside me my heart
is always in fire because of the
situation back home
the civil war in Sudan has killed more
than 2 million people of Sudan who vote
on whether the nation should split into
seas the birth of a new nation I have to
do something I'm running I'm running
running about something in my mind said
Olympic 2012 for Gore he was running his
first marathon his goal was to qualify
for the Olympics she's going to give me
opportunity it's a ticket there was this
guy who suddenly was turning in good
times in marathons and didn't actually
have a country that he was running for
two years after independence a civil war
started instead of eliminating one
another we should be using one another
to build a country in a peaceful way he
will be a unifying figure philosopher
and his success will be our success I
have come too far I'm not backing down
I'm not backing down and I'm pushing it
until the last minute if I cross that
finishing line is not going to be me the
people of South Sudan
we need a person like you Maria grabbed
his chance god Barney hallway here
that's what Amy every single day put the
shoes on and run ever since we were
children we've had one dream winning the
Eurovision Song Contest
[Applause]
all of Iceland think we are a joke and
my father he is ashamed of me he looked
into the eyes and said I am ashamed of
you maybe he was drunk he said and you
might think that I'm drunk but I am in
dead sober idiot
officially I are saga will be
representing Iceland 30 Eurovision this
year we have no choice so we're in 42
countries hundreds of performers and a
worldwide audience of 180 million this
is your vision thank you we are do that
we'll never be separated
George Michael says something about
Allah well guy it's not Andrew Ridgeley
you have to stay focused we need to wait
I just wanted my ding dong to look
bigger than what is really there do a
classic camel he's never ever stuck yeah
we have to prove to Iceland and my
extremely handsome father that my life
hasn't been a waste
for both of us
first you hire three my three we can't
romance
it ruins the bands Fleetwood Mac Ace of
Base
C Mon in Garfunkel
[Music]
Marga are not giving up tonight is our
night
you don't have single chance of making
it
you fight you
[Music]
they're alive like silky Kitty fits in
marshmallow boxing
[Music]
when was the last time you spoke to her
it's been a few weeks
gran mom ma she called me a few weeks
ago I think she was scared she talked uh
mom was coming into the house
t do you know where you woman I suppose
I went out what's this I was on the
property when your grandfather inherited
it his mind wasn't there in the end
you can't put grant in harm she can't
live on her own anymore she has to be
watched
everything all right cry I thought this
was very good Ian who whoever it was
coming into the house mum what is it
it's you under the bed there's nothing
under the bed none will you check for me
[Music]
I'm gonna help him
I can see you
[Music]
this house seems unfamiliar come away
with me so I don't get out of here for a
while better go nuts huh you so much
it's just the three of us just you and
me and Ella your mama ray hey not that
old wait listen quiet
hey I know it's fun but it's time to
sleep goodnight honey
Jesus you got my switches this is its
wallet right to you what are you doing
26 feet 21 this room is 5 feet longer on
the inside that it is on the outside yet
[Music]
you chose this play not me you sent me
the link I absolutely did not hope you
said it to me
somebody wrote amateur do you like it
here
[Music]
what is this place it was a different
house before that one what sort of house
the judge in the jury all found some
innocent but some people didn't believe
him
the house shows me he must be guilty or
something people have always stayed in a
house some don't leave the right ones
usually find the place well maybe it's
the other way around the place finds
them you guys in a surrogate for my two
best friends that's really cool I
couldn't never do that oh you know
people say that all the time but I'm
like no I think you could hugs just told
us the good news mom saw a house Nate
jess is only attracted to emotionally
unavailable men if it's a girl we were
thinking of calling her Sarah what do
you think so they're not paying you no
they'd be weird and they're gonna be
great debts the tests came back positive
for Down syndrome
I think feels like the right decision
[Music]
look I know that this is not what you
played for I mean having a kid with Down
syndrome it requires a lot
do you guys have any questions I guess
you guys could just tell us what you
wish you knew before is everything okay
so we've been talking and
I don't know if I'm having this child we
can do this if you sacrifice your work
you will regret it mom I'm not happy
there I want you to actually think about
this choice Jess it's still me we
deserve to try and have a kid who's
perfect you guys seem to know each other
we have a boy at home oh I'm sorry are
you ready for boarding guys
we were born ready good evening ladies
and gentlemen your captain I'd like to
wish you a nice day and thank you for
your trust in us
[Music]
we have a 7500 several men attacked our
cockpit we stopped them from now they
captain is injury status of the crew I
don't know they have a hostage that are
gonna kill in the final open the door
don't stop please I can't open the door
let her go see they don't have guns they
don't have knife if you work together
you can beat them
in the late 90s the west side of Chicago
is not a good place to throw up it was
like a war zone
some people Excel or college you're
gonna go to when you grow up in that
neighborhood the big question was what
game you're gonna join a kid got shot in
front of Malley killed him there right
on a curve it kind of makes you lose
hope for your community how do you break
out of that but a chance encounter
changed everything I walked inside the
last room and I see this boat I didn't
even know what roar was we don't even
swim you gonna take some Westside kids
over to the lake
now that's not gonna work it brought
guys from different neighborhoods from
rival gangs together in one boat when
it's calm and you out there it take your
mind away from any problems that you
have it right in my life there was
something about the water they gave us
peace and we all needed that now 20
years later they're back on the water
what are we training for trying to
rewrite history today
Malcolm's doing this to show his son
another way Preston's going back in time
to undo his mistakes
Alvin's racing to celebrate the fact
he's still alive that he's still here
now you get an opportunity to inspire
another generation what are you gonna do
with it we own the mission now it's
gonna be a remarkable moment when they
come together and get to that starting
line again brothers encouraging brothers
that needs to spread like wildfire
through our communities what he's doing
is a beautiful thing when that flag
comes down there's only one truth that
they are still here
[Music]
you
how's my man Oh what my play huh
I really hope you're happy there I don't
missing you oh babe I'm working on
something to bring you back
didn't even manage to connect to
computers of the archive before
I waited a long time and then I saw
something
[Music]
we had a visit from the archive company
the subject is Elmo Julie Alice ten
times so far two years eight months four
days she's not ready to go yet of course
they think your robots might be based
around their technology we are obliged
to act with force if necessary you made
another like me I'm not replacing me
that you did it
what was she like perfectly I want to go
this is home
Jules can you hear me
do not let her outside under any
circumstances we don't want to be dead
she's cool
I have to try to get her back I am
shutting you down in a dirty do they
want
I want you welcome to psycho book the
virus is striking again damn Russians
they're affecting the whole system
lieutenant Palmer major Deegan Oh
tonight you will be facing operation
jump over the CIA believes that the
Soviet Union virus is planning to take
over psycho book your mission is to
retrieve samples come see us I've got
the virus need your assistance right now
tighter
[Music]
what the hell happened inside operation
jungle is now in our hands the virus is
hacking the whole system
the CIA aware that you're sending two
men to their probable death no agent
dies inside second it's just a virtual
reality
here comes the most interesting part of
this story how do I know you're not a
figment of my imagination
operation jungle the CIA this is just a
virtual projection mr. Bronson you've
been here less than one day and you
fight a stroke from trained our staff
and tried to break out there was a very
special lady friend I had to see because
it's been 50 years Norma was transferred
out of here earlier today she'll be back
in three once in three months she might
not even Remember Who I am
lieutenant Jack Bronson commander of the
infamous chain breakers
now that you're here we have a full set
Jeremiah Cain the best face man you've
ever seen you're outrageous
James Wendell toughest son would ever
known
Angus screwloose Wilson there's nothing
wrong with my memory there's nothing
Angus can't destroy hope you're not
causing too much trouble over there some
of us have regrets wish I could take my
boy to the footie market root of it when
he was a kid some of us have dreams I
want to sell forget about everything I
said we do them all I'm the only one to
break out of this hellhole and get away
with it you break back into Telus
etiquette shut up you're legless
creatures get in a gun that's your
finger I just wanted to take you to the
40th
anything in that way
[Music]
if this was your happy ending what do
you imagine what happened next
pass me that clicker his pocket
[Music]